twist and push it at the same time try
to force the wheel the right over and it
seems to be fairly pretty darn clean at
this point so same thing here kind of
push it down a little bit and then see
if it can get it to right over so far I
think I've got a winner here anyway
those are some of the tweaks I did to
get this thing to function properly and
now I've got this the way I want to
actually now that I have this working
the way I want I'm going to actually cut
the gaps before I do that I'm going to
put a few more spots of solder here and
get all solder on the Frog so it's
firmly in place and I'm going to gap it
here okay oops Oh close-up more
close-ups ok I'm going to give it here
I'm going to gap it here and what I'm
also going to do them probably i'm going
to add two more pc ties in here and what
i like to do is like before and after a
gap i like to have two soldered pc ties
in place just because I've run of the
problems where when I was cutting it
tends to heat the rail I'm you're
supposed to cut it fast but uh but he's
supposed to cut it fast what doesn't
heat up the rails of melts the sauder
but you know just to be safe and to keep
things engaged I put two pc ties and
solar it down a little bit of paranoid
my part but I'd rather not have to
resolder Andrey cage and reach week and
just be done with it so after I gap the
rails I'm gonna put a few more spots of
solder where I've only sort of the pc
ties in one side then I'm going to cut
the foil all right electrically isolate
the rails
and then before putting solder
absolutely everywhere on this thing I am
going to do a preliminary installation
on the location on my layout and run an
engine through it and see how that coat
so maybe a short train run it back and
forth backing it up and going through
just to see really make sure before I
get this thing in place that this is
solid and performing the way I wanted to
so let me get to work on soldering this
thing some more
you
okay when you get your rails you want to
use the thin cutting disk not the heavy
duty one you want to cut a thin gap as
possible in your rail so and just do a
quick cut as quick as you can you don't
want the railed overheat yeah all I'm
doing is resting the Moto tool on the
track and just pivoting down real quick
it makes it short and painless here you
go we're now gapped
Wow I gotta do now is cut the foil
between the ties I'll be ready to do a
test install sound for places that are
difficult to get to I use my little
blade to cut through the foil
and for everywhere else I got the small
triangle file and all I do is just
finally gap that